Kata approval: Describe how requirements are calculated (#165)
codewars/docs: content/references/kata-ranking/approval-retire-criteria.md

</table>

> To determine whether a kata is eligible for approval, following procedure is used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine whether a kata is eligible for approval, the following procedure is used:
```

1. There should be no pending issues.

> 1. `votes count` is calculated as total amount of satisfaction votes cast on a kata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `votes count` is calculated as the total amount of satisfaction votes cast on a kata.
```

> 1. `votes score` is calculated as sum of votes multiplied by [voting power](/references/gamification/privileges/) multiplier of a user cating a vote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `votes score` is calculated as the sum of votes multiplied by the [voting power](/references/gamification/privileges/) of the user.
```

1. `required votes` and minimum satisfaction rating are determined from the table above.

> 1. Kata is approvable, when requirement for minimum satisfaction rating is met, and one of following is satisfied: `votes count >= required votes` or `votes count >= 3 AND votes score >= required votes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The kata is approvable when the requirement for minimum satisfaction rating is met and one of following conditions is satisfied: `votes count >= required votes` or `votes count >= 3 AND votes score >= required votes`.
```

> To be able to approve a kata, user needs to have [`Approve Kata` privilege](/references/gamification/privileges/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to approve a kata, the user needs to have [`Approve Kata` privilege](/references/gamification/privileges/).
```

Low quality kata are automatically retired. Current rules are:

1. If 4 or more votes and satisfaction percent is `0` (4+ consecutive "Not Satisfied" as the only votes)

> 1. If kata collected enough votes to be approved or more (see above), and satisfaction percent is less than or equal to the half of the required satisfaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If a kata collected enough votes to be approved (see above) and the satisfaction rate is less than or equal to the half of the required satisfaction.
```
